why I am not getting a Porsche and
instead I'm getting a Ferrari because I
don't like a Ferrari why does this girl
get a private ched for her birthday and
I'm only getting the Ferrari why does
she get every week 100 flowers and I'm
just getting every week 50 flowers hi
guys welcome back to my channel my name
is Micha and today we are going to talk
about how to stop comparing yourself to
others let's get into this today I want
to talk about two kind of
comparisons we do as human beings it's
either a comparison to Beauty to how
someone else looks or comparison to
achievements and lifestyle so first of
all I want to get into the comparison we
do as women a lot and that's about
Beauty why do we do that why do you
think when you compare yourself to
someone else that you are less why do
you think someone else is more beautiful
has a better body just because it's not
the same as you and you look up to that
have you ever thought about that there
is no
actual Beauty standard the only Beauty
standard there is is the standard you
give yourself so why do you give
yourself another Beauty standard that is
not you however you look whoever you are
you should be your own Beauty standard
and every time you look at someone else
you see something in them right you see
wow she has curly hairs I have straight
hair I wish I had curly hairs women with
curly hairs are more beautiful than I am
every time you see someone that is
skinnier than you why I can't be skinny
why she is more beautiful than me
because it's skinnier and skinny is
beautiful right but that's not the truth
honey there is no Beauty standard if you
think about flowers they are all
beautiful you would never say what one
flower is really beautiful and one is
really ugly maybe I prefer onef flower
but I cannot say that they are
completely different verth if I see my
two cats if you have kids and you see
your two kids you would never say one of
those cats one of those kids is more
worth is more beautiful is more loveable
so why are you doing this to yourself
another thing is character when I'm
thinking about myself my people around
me and everyone I meet in life I always
see the beauty in everyone even when at
first I see a picture of someone I don't
find them that attractive when I see
them in real life I see the absolute
Beauty in them everyone for me is
mesmerizing and the reason for that is
because they have so much character in
them every character is different and in
every character I see something else
that is beautiful that is attra itive
that is
mesmerizing and that's why you cannot
only base beauty on looks there is so
much more than looks a physically
beautiful person can be not beautiful
for me I think the uniqueness in each
person makes each person beautiful in
their own way of course I do have my
preferences but especially in woman I
see the beauty in all wom and I think
the reason why I do that is because I
was hating on myself for so many years
for so long and so much that now I
understand it's so much more about just
a body and just a face and just hair
it's so much more it's the essence of a
woman that is just beautiful and I want
you to understand that too
when I look at my pictures a few years
ago I'm really sad because a few years
ago I hated myself I hated my body I
hated my face and I look at myself and
I'm like I was still beautiful I had
still my own uniqueness why did I do
that to myself so why are you doing that
to yourself you do not need to be like
anyone else because exactly how you are
is the most perfect the most beautiful
the most unique way you are and even
though maybe some people prefer someone
else to be with them that doesn't matter
because there will be a person that is
exactly for you there will be people who
love you the way you are who like you
the way you look and when we come back
to comparison I feel like every time
when we're going on Tik Tok when we're
going on Instagram we see those perfect
models we see those
perfect faces we see those perfect
bodies but it's not about that and what
you see on Instagram what you see on Tik
Tok is just what you see on Tik Tok What
you see on Instagram it's not real life
there is so much more to it and I can
tell you from experience every time I'm
too long on Instagram and Tik Tok I'm
looking down myself in a mirror and I'm
like oh but she has it symmetric maybe I
should do this maybe I should do that
but honey it's not about all of that I
have an asymmetric face and every time I
heard on YouTube videos yeah some people
are blessed with a symmetric face and if
you're not blessed with a symmetric face
then it's unfortunate no that's not true
I'm sorry but that's not true and it
makes me truly angry to hear that
because it's fine when you have an
asymmetric face there is nothing ugly in
that you make your own standard and if
you think you are beautiful the way you
are there is nothing that can be done or
changed to to make you more beautiful or
more worthy or nothing that you have to
do to be more worth that's it two
completely different bodies doesn't make
one body more worthy more lovable more
beautiful than the other two completely
different looking woman doesn't make one
woman more worthy or more beautiful than
the other the only thing that makes
another person person more or less
beautiful is your own standards for
example if me and my friend we are
looking at the same person we are
perceiving that person as completely
different maybe she finds the person
really ugly maybe I find the person
really beautiful so it's super objective
you cannot say is universal and one
person is attractive for everyone I know
people who genuinely don't find Meg and
fox attractive and that's just because
we are all different human beings with
different perspectives with different
beliefs be different beauty standards
different views on life and beauty and I
want you to finally stop putting
yourself on a scale and comparing
yourself to someone else based on your
beauty standard if your beauty standard
doesn't end highest with yourself it's
not reliable at all and this may take
some time some work with yourself to see
yourself as the most beautiful person
you have ever seen in your whole life
but as long as you have not done that
forget about comparing yourself to
others nobody is you and you you are not
like anybody else in this world and when
we talk about bodies I tell you
something I'm following one girl on
Instagram and she is like a midsize
girly but for me she is super attractive
because it's her Essence it's what she
is bringing out in this world so focus
more on your soul and how and what you
are bringing out in this world than on
how you look the other thing is the
comparison about success and lifestyle
and I am super guilty of that still
today I have faces I have days where I'm
scrolling on social media and I'm
wondering why I am not there yet why I
am not getting a porch and instead I'm
getting a Ferrari because I don't like a
Ferrari why does this girl get a private
ched for her birthday and I'm only
getting the Ferrari why does she get
every week 100 flowers and I'm just
getting every week 50 flowers or when
it's about YouTube why does this girl
when she does similar content to me have
more views than me but honestly when you
keep comparing yourself to others what
happens to me is every time I'm
comparing myself or my lifestyle to
someone else's lifestyle I feel down it
doesn't make me feel good because then I
feel like I'm doing something wrong I'm
not good enough in doing what I do I'm
not doing enough I'm not posting enough
I'm am not talking enough I need to look
for other topics and so on so I keep
bringing myself down and at the end I
don't feel like doing anything I feel
like a failure and then the only thing
that helps me is when I look back and
I'm like wait a second girl I am not
like this other person right I am not
Emily I am not christe I am not Megan I
am not Sarah I am Mika and I am on my
journey I don't have to be so hard on
myself constantly because I am on my
journey and I'm going I am going right I
am doing my own way I can't compare my
way to anybody else and if I'm comparing
my own way from now and my past 3 years
then I'm already way further than I was
3 years ago now I'm already living a way
better lifestyle way closer to my dreams
3 years ago or even different said now
I'm living the dreams I had five or six
years ago so the only comparison you can
do is to compare yourself now with
yourself 2 years ago with yourself
yesterday with yourself 10 years ago
that's the only
reliable comparison you can do when it's
about lifestyle when it's about success
whatever you want to achieve you are
already One Step Closer with watching
this video you are already one step
closer than you were yesterday you are
already one step closer or 10 steps
closer even than you were 5 years ago
and this is so so important to keep in
your mind because if not I know we get
drawn so quickly down we get dragged
down feeling bad about ourselves feeling
we're not enough feeling like everyone
has it already but be gentle with
yourself in most of my previous videos I
am more like do you're not doing enough
do do do but sometimes you also have to
sit back and look at your life and be
gentle with yourself because with being
gentle you are cultivating acceptance
you are
cultivating love and compassion for
yourself if you're not doing that you
will probably stop with what you're
doing because if you keep being hard on
yourself you keep bringing yourself down
you keep beating yourself up for not
being yet there where you want to be yes
still keep doing the work yes still
don't give up yes still do it and not
look for excuses but be gentle with
yourself if you're not gentle as I said
you will stop doing the thing you are
doing you are going to burn out with
what you're doing you are going to be so
hard on yourself that at the end of the
day even if you reach to where you want
to reach you will not feel happy you
also need to enjoy the process you need
to enjoy the path and this is something
I'm telling you because I want to tell
that to myself it's super accurate to
how I'm feeling today how I'm feeling
when I'm having a period of being too
too hard on myself and never forget that
you are not someone else you cannot be
exactly like someone else if you are
trying to copy someone else's life if
you're trying to reproduce someone
else's life you are not going to be
happy because you cannot achieve exactly
what someone else has achieved you only
can achieve something similar you can
see somebody else as your
inspiration but you cannot be them you
can only be a version that is similar to
what they are living in your own way in
your own version because again the most
unique thing about yourself is you are
yourself and there is nobody else like
you another thing is you never know what
it means to be in that position where
you want to be for example you see a
girl on Instagram or on YouTube
traveling earning a lot of money and
living her best life right that's what
you see on social media and you feel
down because you are not there yet you
want that to but honestly we are all
going through something every and each
one of you I know that that I know that
from my friends and I know that from
people where I thought always wow they
have the perfect life but once I get to
know them everyone is going through
something everyone has their own
struggles and sometimes it looks nicer
than it actually is so maybe universe is
actually protecting you from not having
that exact thing that this person has
because it comes with so so much
struggles that you would not be able to
handle at this very moment you have to
be so careful with where you want to be
and so careful with wanting to be
somewhere else like in someone else's
shoes when you do not know how it feels
to be in their shoes I know for example
someone coming from a very rich very
wealthy family but this person is like
locked up this person makes me realize
wow I'm actually grateful I'm not from
a that wellknown and Wealthy family
because this person is like locked up
this person is adult and is being
monitored every very step they do
because they have to be careful with
what they do do you know for example how
it is to be in Prince Harry's shoes no
you don't do you know how it feels to be
in Queen Elizabeth's shoes no you don't
I always wanted to be a princess but do
I really know how it feels to be in
Princess Diana's Shoes no I don't and I
probably will never know how it feels
because that's not my life path that's
not the path Universe chose for me I was
born in the family I was born I was born
in the world in the year I was born with
the skills I have and the only thing I
can do is to really be in tune with who
I really am and with who I truly want to
be and with what I can actually do and
what's actually there which resources I
actually do have to get where I want to
be I'm not saying that anything is
impossible I'm just just
saying know where you stand know who you
are and stop almost envying other people
envying doesn't help you anything
envying just makes you feel worse makes
you feel bad about yourself and envying
at the end is the worst vibration you
can have anyways even if you're aspiring
people even if you're aspiring your role
model and you want to be there there is
just so much you can do for example if
I'm aspiring now to be a black woman
there is just so much I can do to be
that black woman you need to ask
yourself when you compare yourself to
others what is it that this person has
that I want to have is it the brown hair
is it the looks is it the body is it the
car is it the house is it the boyfriend
is it the husband is it the kids is it
the animals the pets what is it and most
of the time you will realize it's just
so much about the materialistic things
it's so much about the feeling they sell
us it's the feeling of Freedom the
feeling of everything is flower
and everything is beautiful and
everything is flowers and rainbows
everything smells good we do not have
rough days never we don't
fart things like this they sell us the
really best feeling in life and at the
end of the day a feeling is just a
decision that you can decide already
today with exactly where you are to feel
that right now anyways guys I hope so
much this could help I was going on a
runs today I was really emotional about
this topic because I can really really
relate to that so much of it I'm saying
to remind myself of where I come from
and where I am today to be grateful also
for what I have achieved already for
what I have done already for how much I
have worked on myself to be here and to
be here be confident enough to talk to
you to give you the help and the tips I
needed a few years ago thank you so so
much for watching I love you so much
unconditionally and I see you in my next
video bye-bye